This directory contains NetFPGA bitfiles that are useful with the precise packet generator.

1) netthreads_nooutqueues.bit: This is a modified version of
netthreads.bit, which is distributed with NetThreads itself. In this
bitfile, the output queues of the standard NetFPGA pipeline are not
used. Without the extra buffering of the output queues, the software
running in NetThreads receives improved feedback of when packets are
actually transmitted and can control the times between packet
transmissions more accurately. This is useful in the precise traffic
generator's use case, but it hasn't been tested with more general
NetThreads applications. You should think twice about using it with
anything but the packet generator.

2) measurement_router.bit: This is a modified version of
router_buffer_sizing.bit which is a part of the standard NF2
distribution. This version's purpose is to measure the arrival time of
packets more accurately. In addition to routing packets,
router_buffer_sizing.bit instruments the output queues and generates
events recording when packets arrive at the output queues. To better
use these events to measure when packets arrive at the router itself,
we have removed most of the logic between the input ports and output
ports in the normal NetFPGA router pipeline and synthesized
measurement_router.bit. Specifically, we removed the input arbiter and
output port lookup modules and hardcoded that packets from port 0 (MAC
0) will always be sent to output port 2 (MAC 1). Packets that arrive
at any port beside 0 are ignored. Obviously, this bitfile is useless
as a router, but it provides more accurate measurements for packets
arriving at port 0 because there is a smaller, more deterministic
delay between when packets arrive from the wire and when they are
enqueued in the output queue.



